Update ring docs for number platform (#34766)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ring.markdown

## Sensor

> Once you have enabled the [Ring integration](/integrations/ring), you can start using the sensor platform. Currently, it supports battery level and wifi signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have enabled the [Ring integration](/integrations/ring), you can start using the sensor platform. Currently, it supports battery level and Wi-Fi signal.
```

> Once you have enabled the [Ring integration](/integrations/ring), you can start using the sensor platform. Currently, it supports doorbell, external chimes and stickup cameras.
> 
> The volume sensors are being replaced with the number entity, and you should migrate any automations to the number entity by release 2025.4.0.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have enabled the [Ring integration](/integrations/ring), you can start using the sensor platform. Currently, it supports battery level and wifi signal.

The volume sensors are being replaced with the number entity which allows setting the volume. You should migrate any automations using the volume sensors to the number entity by release 2025.4.0.

```

## Switch

Once you have enabled the [Ring integration](/integrations/ring), you can start using the switch platform. This will add a switch for every camera that supports a siren. Note the siren will only turn on for 30 seconds before automatically turning off.

## Light

Once you have enabled the [Ring integration](/integrations/ring), you can start using the light platform. This will add a light for every camera that supports a light (such as a floodlight).

## Number

> Once you have enabled the [Ring integration](/integrations/ring), you can start using the number platform. Currently, it supports the volume of doorbell, external chimes and intercom.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have enabled the [Ring integration](/integrations/ring), you can start using the number platform.
Currently, it supports showing and setting the volume of the doorbell/chime ring, intercom voice volume, and intercom microphone volume.
```
